it's answer extremely warm yes have you
figured out why your hands are so warm
Dean still still searching for those
where they always this warm the people
would say when you were much younger
before you even knew about this I like
to have cold hands actually my handsome
are usually cold but when I somehow when
I start doing this work they start
heating up but normally I don't have one
hands all right we'll see about Jerry's
condition when we come back and we'll
also meet a doctor who has some theories
of his own about Dean crass mysterious
healing power after this
trying to have the extraordinary power
to heal with their hands they're not
doctors but they say they can stop your
pain by simply touching you we've been
talking to Dean Kraft a laying on of
hands healer who says he's helped cure
we should say thousands thousands of
people yeah in 25 years he we have had
now the bus here who Dean miraculously
helped recover from ALS better known as
Lou Gehrig's disease
now we also introduced you to Shari
Erlich our Associate Producer and and in
this last segment and during the breaks
she was back there and so I know I work
for you but I don't have to be honest it
was unbelievable
it was yea his hands supposed to be
skeptical I was skeptical that's why I'm
amazed that I can't believe his hands if
you get very hot my face was like very
very red and very hot and his hands feel
like it's a vibrating chair that you're
just constantly moving describe the
power that you describe the pain to me
when you lay down backstage it was very
intense
you had intense intense pain when I was
laying down now it's a little bit less a
little less a little bit less I know is
this something you require more
treatment of course that's why I said
that it is just a really thing is one
treatment miracle cured but what I look
for is the fact that it should be a
little less than it was when we started
and that's you know the first wedge to
get in there to get there now well her
pain come back I have it could come back
we can get better either one I mean I
couldn't predict that right now okay but
you feel it was worth it yeah my back
still and my legs are still shaking
now that's because you're on television
dr. Marci goldstein is a physician Wow
what kind of a physician who has plastic
surgeon okay MD M their traditional
physician hardly went through all the
training of every other medical doctor
until you get to your specialty right
that's okay
you happen to be one of his former
patients and a friend what did he do for
you
in 1991 I developed a tumor in the upper
part of my neck at Glomus jugular area
something you can see no you can feel it
and you could hear it every time my
heart beat I would hear a noise of
blowing kind of a noise and went to the
routine doctors like I would expect to
do have an angiogram done said you have
this tumor and we're gonna have to
operate on you and having done that kind
of surgery myself in the past I said no
thank you
and why because it was risky oh it's
it's dangerous you have to take out the
base of the skull you take out the
artery in the vein you have to agree
graft it
it's a major surgery and the end of
death on that side and yeah so the
complication this was a a benign tumor
locally invasive did not metastasize
that grows locally until it you know you
succumb to it yes so this could be
life-threatening this too if it wasn't
operated on certainly absolutely so how
did you find Dean I'm Don Dean I met him
in 79 this is 91 I've been watching him
for years actually about three or four
years of watching him knowing what I
knew about Western medicine and then
seeing what he could do it was difficult
I would think so what did he did he lay
his hands on your neck on my neck on my
head on my back wherever he his hands
just go wherever if they go he doesn't
guide them they go where they
instinctively go to he treated me
intensely very intensely to several
hours a day for about a week and
markedly changed what do you mean up
markedly changed what did it do the
sound one way the tumors gone this is
gone
John you can't feel it can't you hear it
nothing no have you had another
angiogram
I'm not going to waste $1,500 no say
haha come on doctor no would you want to
have an angiogram just to see what has
happened no well how does medicine
answer this kind of activity if you see
it singly it's called spontaneous
remission but I've watched him for 19
years and everybody sees this
spontaneous remission doesn't surprise
you that now that diagnosed with it you
know what ALS is sure you know that I've
watched every time the Glen would take a
video of her I would see it the next
month I've watched her change over the
months I said this doesn't happen
he said I'm watching it you have changed
my consciousness totally from what I
believed was possible to what I know now
as possible
ready to go Here I am what am I supposed
to do just sit right down here okay okay
I mean I have what is I mean every every
golfer in the world at one time or
another has what are you doing what am i
hearing can I feel it can my mic pick
that up
can you mic digging it well okay my mic
pick up the vibrations that are coming
through this guy's hands right now I
mean he he's like can you hear that I'm
he's like he's shaking I mean right yeah
yeah so that you need here I feel like a
vibratory sense but that's not going
like that look take a tight shot of his
hands right now you can see that take
the shot of his watch you can see the
watch can't you see it move I'm telling
this is
you know I go in for this treatment once
in a while you know you go to therapy
and they give you a kindness at electric
shock pulsating kind of stuff that's
exactly the way his hands so we can
increase it we could stop it and they
could go low
stop it totally make it high you've got
slow fast yeah yeah this is amazing why
are you going all these other places my
hands just follow I just know I don't
mind me yeah I just follow intuitively I
even I know your your problem is here
sometimes my hands go to other areas and
then people later tell me that they've
had a little problems in these other
areas it's just something that I work
very intuitively like this have your
hands vibrated all your life or ever
since this accident 20-some years ago I
would say yeah ever since that the 72
but you know my hands are very steady oh
my gosh is there nothing you know well I
wanted somebody from the audience to see
this okay
I see somebody audience young man come
right up here alright this looks like I
is as skeptical as I am alright shake
this guy's hand right here shake his
hand right just a normal handshake right
all right sit right down there for a
second what's that sound what's that
feel like it's like a it's like a
massager
it's like a vibrator except it's it's
like soft vibrating how about that you
just shook his hand right you didn't
hear that didn't listen no not at all
scary scary Dean crafts book is a touch
of Hope the autobiography of a laying on
of hands healer I want to thank you very
much for being with us Misha Rochelle I
want to thank her thank you all very
much and thank you
see
you